feat: `initramfs` module (#376)
blue-build/modules: modules/initramfs/README.md

# `initramfs`

:::caution

> Only Fedora 41+ images support this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is only supported for Fedora 41+ images.
```

:::

> The `initramfs` module is used to regenerate initramfs, needed for some boot modifications to apply.
> 
> If you modify something related to kernel or boot, but you don't see any changes applied to the system, this is likely the module that you need to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `initramfs` module is used to regenerate initramfs, which is the temporary file system loaded into ram as part of the Linux startup process, used by many things happening during boot. 

If you are trying to modify something related to the kernel or boot sequence (such as plymouth), but you don't see any changes applied to the system, you'll likely need to use this module.
```

Factcheck appreciated, might need some other examples alongside plymouth.

Reviewer: Also make this change to other places where the module description appears.

Author: > Factcheck appreciated

Factually, it looks good.

> might need some other examples alongside plymouth

Don't know any other example related to boot.

> Also make this change to other places where the module description appears.

Is the description length good or it's too long?

```
The `initramfs` module is used to regenerate initramfs, which is the temporary file system loaded into ram as part of the Linux startup process, used by many things happening during boot.
```

Author: Also, `RAM`, instead of `ram`

And maybe `happening during the boot.` instead of `happening during boot.`

Reviewer 2: nah, `happening during boot` is correct; `happening during the boot process` would be too :+1:

> Known modifications which require use of this module are:
> - `modprobe.d` config files
> - `modules-load.d` config files
> - `dracut.conf.d` config files
> - `plymouth` theming
> - other unknown modifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to regenerate initramfs at least when doing any of the following:
- modifying `modprobe.d` config files
- modifying `modules-load.d` config files
- modifying `dracut.conf.d` config files
- customizing `plymouth` theming
- other unknown modifications
```

Unknown modifications can't be on the list of known modifications...

> It is recommended to set this module as one of the last in module execution order, to ensure that initramfs regeneration will cover all modifications that you did.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to run the regeneration once per build, not separately for each modification requiring it. It is recommended to set this module as one of the last in your recipe, to ensure that initramfs regeneration will cover all the modifications done before it.
```
